README.md, before:

# README #
Please read the information below for details about this project and expectations 
around how it is being built.

### Requirements
* Node v8.11.3+

### Setup
1. Duplicate `.env-example` and save as `.env`
1. Fill out the environment variables as needed

### Installation
```js
npm install     // Install Dependencies
```

### Getting Started
```js
npm run dev     // development mode
npm run watch   // BrowserSync w/ Hot Reload in development mode
npm run prod    // production mode
```

### Project Setup
* Webpack 4
* Vue
* Vue Router
* Vuex
* Axios
* Nprogress
* Sass (BEM + ITCSS)

### TODO
* Use a module bundler, instead of Laravel mix
    - [X] Switch to Webpack 4
    - [X] Browsersync w/ hot reload
    - [X] Generate index.html from template
    - [ ] Generate robots.txt from template
    - [ ] Generate Favicon from template
    - [ ] Generate iOS and Andriod App Screen Icons from template
    * Generated CSS
        * `npm run prod` 
            - [ ] removes all comments, not just single line comments, but also block comments like: `/* css comment */`
            - [ ] Consolidate styles where possible: [example](https://stackoverflow.com/a/46176755/865803)
            - [ ] minify CSS
            - [ ] uglify CSS
* Project Cleanup
    - [ ] Render component, don't use <router-view> to load (reduce number of div containers)
    - [ ] Cleanup mixins structure
    - [ ] Move Navigation/App Components into `./views/layouts`
    - [ ] Move PageNotFound into `./views/404`, or some other related folder
        - [ ] Keep `./components` for non-`./views` specific components. Use for FontAwesome, Froala, Select2, etc
- [ ] Setup FontAwesome Vue Implemtnation

### Files
* `LocalValetDriver.php` - Not required
    * Located inside the root directory, this file will allow Vue Router to work correctly with Laravel Valet.  
* `.nvmrc` - Not required
    * Located inside the root directory, this file defines the Node version we should use. .nvmrc is part of the Node Version Manager package.

Commit message:

Learning webpack, initial setup.  - update readme to track progress  - initial setup of webpack, run dev and prod

README.md, after:

# README #
Please read the information below for details about this project and expectations 
around how it is being built.

### Requirements
* Node v8.11.3+

### Setup (optional)
1. Duplicate `.env-example` and save as `.env`
1. Fill out the environment variables as needed

### Installation
```js
npm install     // Install Dependencies
```

### Getting Started
```js
npm run dev     // development mode
npm run watch   // BrowserSync w/ Hot Reload in development mode
npm run prod    // production mode
```

### Project Setup
* Webpack 4
* Vue
* Vue Router
* Vuex
* Axios
* Nprogress
* Sass (BEM + ITCSS)

### TODO
* Webpack 4
    - [ ] Initial config will build resources folder; sass and js.
        - [ ] Parse ENV File or use default webpack config
        - [ ] HTML Template
        - [ ] Sass to CSS
        - [ ] ES6 + Vue transpiled ES5 
        - [ ] Browsersync w/ hot module reloading
    * CSS
        - [ ] Initial config for processing Sass/Scss files
        - [ ] Process `@import`
        - [ ] Process `url()`
        * `npm run prod` 
            - [ ] removes all comments, not just single line comments, but also block comments like: `/* css comment */`
            - [ ] Consolidate styles where possible: [example](https://stackoverflow.com/a/46176755/865803)
            - [ ] minify CSS
            - [ ] uglify CSS
    * JavaScript
        - [ ]  Initial Setup
    * Files
        - [ ] Generate Favicon from template
        - [ ] Generate iOS and Andriod App Screen Icons from template
        - [ ] Generate index.html from template
        - [ ] Generate robots.txt from template
* Project Cleanup
    - [ ] Render component, don't use <router-view> to load (reduce number of div containers)
    - [ ] Cleanup mixins structure
    - [ ] Move Navigation/App Components into `./views/layouts`
    - [ ] Move PageNotFound into `./views/404`, or some other related folder
        - [ ] Keep `./components` for non-`./views` specific components. Use for FontAwesome, Froala, Select2, etc
- [ ] Setup FontAwesome Vue Implemtnation

### Files
* `LocalValetDriver.php` - Not required
    * Located inside the root directory, this file will allow Vue Router to work correctly with Laravel Valet.  
* `.nvmrc` - Not required
    * Located inside the root directory, this file defines the Node version we should use. .nvmrc is part of the Node Version Manager package.
